fixes the spelling mistake mso made when self speedmerging something to maintainer guidelines (#60735)
tgstation/tgstation: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

  - PRs with empty commits intended to generate a changelog.
- Do not merge PRs that contain content from the [banned content list](./CONTRIBUTING.md#banned-content).
- Do not make people re-create issues and pull requests needlessly.

> - Do not make people beg or request their pr or issue be opened needlessly. Consider not reflexively closing prs and issues that have a chance of becoming acceptable, or asking the opener close it themselves so they have the ability to re-open it themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not make people beg or request their PR or issue be opened needlessly. Consider not reflexively closing pull requests and issues that have a chance of becoming acceptable, or asking the opener to close it themselves so they have the ability to re-open it themselves.
```
